Correct me if I'm wrong because I
'm not very well versed in this but according to what I
just received notifications and according to what
my team just prepared for me,
the fight has already taken place, the best
verse revenant and it's gotten complicated I have no
[ __ ] idea about any of this let's see it
here live with you I have
a video here these are revealed in the
corner okay I don't win it you're going to see it
with me but anyway listen it
's tomorrow and the baby is that I
say they will see them both is that
I say reveal them both I don't give
a [ __ ] what you call
living this [ __ ] shitty intro what the [ __ ]
is this
fresh it's
got me up to my neck but you have to
fire him it
was already [ __ ] [ __ ] but compared
to me he was much better it
seems like he heard me it seems like he's going to
listen god says this reveal javi
no the other way around
now a boxing match but they already
started with the rivalry watch out piques and
tone
but other than that I don't think he
's good at boxing I don't think he tried hard
enough to win the fight and I
think that's going to take its toll on him I
'm going to win I'm telling you no  because I'm a
better boxer than him right now yes I
am a better boxer than him but I
'm not because I have more talent than the
boxing thing and all that no I just haven't
tried harder but the best is like a 5
you know the thing is almost everything that
happens in life is the fault of fat for
example if you haven't trained it's the fault of
nothing it's not that he hasn't
had the balls to start training and have the
discipline to say I'm going to train
seriously not always continue alone from the
fight he's going to start making excuses and he's
going to say nothing it's that I trained
less but because I don't know how many because I
only had Charlene York which
when we are honest even for the
Sulky Chalets and I entered an hour
a day constantly what joined
better step what chance I already had to
listen to that
sudoku Charlene while she applies it to me
and I'm going to put my camera well
because I think I think it's a little
bad let's see to
start to
start I have to be
getting up a lot and I don't feel like it
so I'm going to put myself here
I think it's in the position
right I'm going to remind him that it's sudoku Charles has to explain to me explain to grandpa that it's sudoku Charlene I can't now yes now I'm divine now I'm divine this is the position the only q challenge is a tournament to see who reaches the highest rank in
lol
and it seems that in between nothing happens that he's as
good as me at capea I'm the [ __ ]
master of cooper are you watching the
games that I'm playing the creative
I'm the [ __ ] master
[Music]
now we get those alerts I don't know
why he only listens law it's a challenge of the
thread the lifting on which side goes up
in rank in the game and whoever has the most
rank and league points wins the worst of the
best is your community man I swear the
best one falls very badly he has guys he has
very bad you guys seem like I mean to me
this thing is to piss a move
that I don't know is that the roll that you have
really makes me very lazy man no longer I would not like it
then
how subs mode I don't want to read you that I
want to stay with my people and talk about
the request for the  night you have people the
worst of the million is their community
hey but this this is already grandpa total
this is already laughing at me
this is the best javi I don't know I already know
who the best is we have talked many
times about him
what he does
and he doesn't read it the son of a [ __ ] and I'm not going to
reproduce it
very good evening dear gentleman thank you
very much and more polite uncle
yes more polite thank you
very much Elias thank you very much enormous Elias I
swear the best I really dislike you very
bad time
and you know
and I 500 people subscribe to the
million channel a day
seriously 500 people subscribe to the
million to the point million we
can't reach the rank we can't
exceed this rank
this already this already seems like a total lack of
respect to me you know what's good about
my community compared to yours
mine has existed for seven months it's
19,000 shops I did
n't see it coming I was doing
the special live like 300 hours of
300 hours as a base a 300 hour live
how does a 300 live now a
person this that this this  what the [ __ ] is
that with the nonsense in the middle more
Kurepa was sneaking in and the south hasn't paid me this what is
it but as a base a person but this guy but how do you accommodate a person 300 hours of live take advantage to read now Ruben because you're going to die take advantage now that you can read you won't be able to read when you're dead on the line bad quarry and I will kill him by spitting in his face when he
's dead and I will call him cancer
fear is the worst thing in the world of that
truth
thank you very much welcome or
welcome is saying to the guard
okay
but this that he is training
train you can already see it in the face and train
that it's like you attract what you are and you
are power
through what it is like that you have fool
and train each one for five days the people who
see you the people who see you very
assiduously well it's going to be inevitable to return
I want to be the greats because messing
with their boxing followers just by
seeing their lamentable technique they understand
Ebro hand and the pique they have between
them because of the fact there may be people who get
upset
that this happens that one lives in
Andorra already the  million I don't see him very
fit let's not reveal himself we'll see the
other way around you guys who bet what do you
bet you guys what do you bet I think seeing his
face he is the queen and I don't know him having
been lifted doesn't give me much
hope the best doesn't pay personal income tax and pays
less taxes but earning ra 10
thousand people live there instead of living in
Andorra I live in Barcelona
I do my taxes and what happens is that in
Barcelona more people live in Andorra
where it is obviously we are
not going to have the same quality of
training a guy who lives in the
mountains lost in Narnia and another who lives
there
what he does
but seeing him like training what he
asks him in the video that he is training
with a girl in the background I am going to kill him I am
going to kill him with a girl the truth is
that I enjoyed while now he can say
four stupid things that I enjoyed taking me
once there is a line fatso because he saw me oh
chubby swollen enjoy
the enjoyment my son I think that the backhand
raised to a beating the million I also
believe it
is a form of defense where it is more
difficult for it to hit you in the face and the
body
shut up africa
ah
in black I'm really bothered by the donations
from handsome guys I think you should move your
foot a little you should train this
position that Mayweather used in the
fight that there's a lot of hype about
your fight I also wanted to ask you
to finish my part of
where it came from because it was a bit in a
crossfire of accusations with Lauer or
streaming as always the replay went well
recently and it was you a little
warming up the shadows and the truth is I wouldn't raise you
Aldrin with this one and with this one and with them and
equally
but he put a tweet and he said if we
get to I don't know how many years after
warming up
and why did you accept that either because you
put the tweet and why per million you
accept that to see and I accepted because I knew
that I could not train for four
months to give him the caravan
the plan basically that yes month we're going to
go up we're going up I was very
confident against future and it would have
meant for example having to deliver
there's a lot of grace how about
statistics and initially it's what was
said you with future you had a pique
years ago that I wanted to do it with future
but the truth  is that even and with a future I
don't train like that it wasn't done and of course
you got heated you proposed the subject he
accepted because you are very bad and
we tortured because you made that proposal
because you took the step today and ibai we
tried to have an event that I don't
want to break this guy's face there
first I accepted because I thought
well to think and I think that the best was
a fairly affordable rival to beat
and that would bother ravens and lend a
little a little more yes also what I wouldn't
want is for him not to pay me those 200
euros that you owe me for a bet
we bet on paddle tennis and I took advantage continue
if the word tell me live such
Christian thank you very much
the director owes 200 ubb-200 subsede
I accepted that is a lot of 200 ubb for 5
thousand bucks I don't remember one hundred subsal
paddle when one hundred percent sure
that we all knew that I was going to lose
because the party and the father was still in the
game no for better
I'm sleepy
and you can tell the eldest daughter is characterized
by being very confident in everything alone
kursaal itself now with boxing
however when he loses or makes a
mistake he blames everyone but himself for that
grace and gave hey this man elias
jazz
has donated 5000 bits to say that he is
sleepy my
balls just fell off the day
thank you very much action thank you very much
king
I give him the bet and he directs it but
well be a little person and give me one that I
can win son of a [ __ ] because these
are 200 free shops I proposed to him that if he
got to charlene in the solo of the
annulled challenge he would win the bet and
we would be even what nonsense for those
bets of a thousand bucks in one go I don't know if
you bet 200 subs you're going to throw away a thousand
bucks of which half half or I do
n't know what percentage he's going to keep
tweets
bets of a thousand bucks balls with a
bet
I make because nobody donates to me nor millsap
nor anyone becomes a member and nobody gives me
5000 if this one writes some [ __ ] [ __ ] I
promise you that with the 5000 I saw that they
buy more  that you have given me I'm
going to hang the spotlight well well it
just arrives buy supergroup
thanks more thank you very much
look you are the cheapest I only
have to buy super glck
give it to him give it to him and they are going to
give it to him
then he didn't want to accept something that was
affordable I could get the
200 points he was too focused
on training reb on the health that he has this is that you can say that it's the fault of entering boxing and when he supports it in the ring he can say that it's the fault of only fighting what he can you don't have to use already prepared for the whole strategy they use many years in stream failing in everything I do and the plan I
create
special strategy today I will go out at night I will be able to
live what the world is not when the
sun is already setting
[Music]
good night javi I love you very much two
hearts exclamation of heart thank you
may thank you very much short band the
intromac shorter the intro
[Music]
[Music] I
'm really considering whether to pay
this guy for real I promise then
and buy the supergroup pay
this man something
well you already have to  the super glue face
smiling with his eyes closed thanks to the
perfect agent let's clarify one
thing okay or keith poston tweet okay in
which
if it is not written
and it would be written between clam action and without
h hey a message for all the
creators we would like kindly and
from our soft hearts that no one
use the signal of our evenings
in their live shows
as soon as whatever you want is over but if it's
six during the live show or I will have to
face my biceps the signal that
signal that I have asked all
content creators to please not
broadcast the signal please I want
this to be clear it is done not to broadcast
the live show itself not the
fight itself live then summarized without
commenting on it man let's see
and well
how
as legitimate as legitimate but it would
n't be wrong with me not having an
audience application
make a clip take out your cell phone hit
record on the iPhone whatever well the
problem with this event guys is that it
costs a lot of money okay because
renting a place for three days having
an
entire audiovisual production team of 20 or 25 people
is a fortune isn't that some
audiovisual student here  in the
chat but putting on an event of these
characteristics is an outrage you have to
pay a lot of trips the lights
the artists the displacement that is
an outrage above all how much
money
all the human people who work
on this costs, which must be 30 more of
course the rent of the venue which is a
very top place and obviously renting it for
three days costs a lot of money in fact
the following two weeks and you can have a
sauna and boom the next weekend they have a
concert and the following weekend they do
n't have it will smith comes and dances okay
ok therefore what I am
explaining here please what I
am saying is that nobody reacts
live element with the image
and people can react like I do
to the league like I do to the
champions final or like I do the truth is I can't think of
anything else in that it can be
done perfectly but what is to
tap our signal it seems a little
ugly to me that just on the day of an event so
important for us it is made to be
seen
as solidarity of good colleagues
so that they earn more it
would be good not to do it
as legitimate I think legitimate if it
would be like to be able to if it could be
that the legitimate one in a legal way
by the rules legitimate what is said
legitimate I think it would be
I think it would be no but man
have a little bit of consideration in plan
so that it cannot steal the audience let's
see I also do not believe that it is as such they steal
the audience or vice that the level that it
has and goes and these people and everything that
all the spectators that are going to have
that event surely
monstrous compared to anyone
going to react men would
react one of the top like a
person who has
5000 spectators 10,000 spectators
there would be stealing a peak stealing
stealing yes that would be stealing a
bit of audience okay but well I do
not think that I as legitimate would be now
if they are asking for it please man that is
not a television network it is not
a super producer you understand me
and it has cost a lot of money man well it
is fine I also tell you I imagine
and I want to think that they will have put
sponsors to be able to allow that
if they have not done it like clumsy okay but they
are asking me please I do not
see it bad either I understand it I understand the request
was legitimate legitimate it would be once
that  the event ends one minute after
the event ends you can all
react to whatever the
[ __ ] you want there's one who tells me pri by if you
react to things how are you going to prevent that I
don't want to be preventing that
what I tell you that while I'm
broadcasting one put the signal of my
live while I'm doing my
own live one minute after it
ends or five minutes before it
ends you can know that the entire evening
put your camera upload a video on
YouTube react explain it to
see how
how to remove viewers or visits it would be
removed the same if they see it after it's
uploaded because anyway the people who
see that reaction probably won't
see it on you and the reaction will be seen not seven
more hours of live shows here and if you have
a problem with aliens so
don't talk to our editors and
me we'll solve it in
less than 10 minutes okay another thing
I want to explain my YouTube videos
you can react to everyone let's see so
far they say about the pimples how
ridiculous and his little hands the other day
dude no water  cough there
put the tweets to comment carmen extras
all that but the days passed
and I didn't do it but well I'll explain it
here without seeing the tweets he put nice ones there are
some tweets throwing it and bye bye what's going on is he
censoring what's going on he doesn't want people to
comment on you he doesn't want you to be
criticized back and forth and he took
after four or five tweets and dance he
responds and that was a video
and he responded okay and said look little
humans this is done
I already explained it at the time or I mean really
these people is it understandable that they have that thing
set up that automatically skips the copyright
to load the channels that summarize
the extracts or even not the
extracts that the channel that summarizes the
content of it all over the [ __ ] face
okay then it's normal it's normal that they have it
set up automatically and how many
channels have we seen in fact we saw one
about iba and precisely how many channels have we
seen
that was dedicated to uploading ibai's live shows
or that is dedicated to uploading the
live shows to a play well it's normal that they don't
have it automatic and it stops many times
due to a failure and I had  maybe you don't
differentiate when it's an uploaded network to
when a reaction but normally the
difference is in most cases there is
the difference because for me even
reporting on the secondary channel and I
know because I get the emails
for example who was the one who wanted to
throw a video at me there were many occasions in
which I
think one was a turkey who got into the
diary once and I reacted to a video
of his brother in which he reacted to one of
his videos
and another time it was an [ __ ] who is
hilarious to me she was an [ __ ] girl super
ugly that's how they were like the tick on
it became wish
then they tried to manually
report the video for using their
content and youtube told them no way and
when youtube rejects it they send
me an email with the fields this they
know in the report and it said it's my
content and he's making fun of me and
[ __ ] I mean normally
youtube detects the difference most
of the time it detects the difference I don't know
why it happens to me a lot with the
secondary channel in my secondary channel they are almost
always honor reactions maybe it's
not me talking  of things but I always
put a video for a little tweet I don't know
what because I don't know how much there is 70% of them
are reactions not to things
and I had a lie it never detects it
what Texas says it detects that this is
a legitimate use automatically
because the image is not the same as the
image is no longer the same the image is
transformed
apart from the bm that Paulet puts has
my chat has my window has the
donations I stop the video I
comment on it
live to you any streamer who is
listening to me can put my
youtube channel and see all my videos
from 1 to the
says Paula and look at twitter
the bet on
top you have me with a guy it really
hurts me a lot the last one that makes me give a
[ __ ] the only thing I'm
asking is that what is the
signal of the live itself is respected someone wants to
react can do so someone wants to
see the evening with an image can do so
of course but once my
live is over and once it's over you can
watch the entire evening upload a video to
youtube give your opinion and hang out with
respectable and respectable gentleman  I
understand your friends' opinion that
because Ruben is an idiot, the forum members
simply successes during the live broadcast, I
think not, and of course all the
content that I do on other
social networks you can see it live whenever it
comes out of the balls the truth
- what is my own live broadcast people
know how to understand it if right now someone
comes and is clicking on this live broadcast on
Facebook it would seem a little strange to me with
yoga sincerely a little strange not
directly beg
but everything that is already uploaded to
YouTube you can see the same as
I do equally people 90% of the content
that reacted that is not especially to that thing
about Walt who does not finish counting
viable active says thousand the which one
started to that and at the fifth sixth tui and dance
responded and you take one after he
is responding the ivai thanks and bye
thanks for taking the time to
respond know and then he put three or
four tweets look and by ken well it is he
takes the time as if he were Michael
Jackson he takes the time to respond
ibai always in that sense always in
that sense and bye it has
been good  onda has
always been cool in that
sense of not throwing videos or reporting
videos or anything, things as they are,
things by their name
in that sense and vice has always been
cool,
charisma took it off at the time, he
took it off
and any other of these
big streamers that have that
automatically put on it too, it's that way
guys have to put it on you have to
understand it's normal that they have to
put it automatically, hey and if there's a
problem you just peel it off, I think
the sim on youtube is currently owned by one now
but what I've told him the
youtuber gossip or simply when you see
the appeal you take it off you appeal, hey
look, I'm a salcedo channel and
I'm reacting to the video outside
all content from foreign people, I
ask permission, I'm going to react to 25
things about I wonder if I can
do it if I'm going to see fran de la gracia
pantufla thank you very much, I'll
talk to him about it Sean I want that
person to know that I'm going to watch his videos
but it's that I'm watching a video on
youtube that he's already uploaded, that is, I'm not
watching a live of his at that moment  I tell you
anyway I tell you okay I
tell you that no one is protected from
anyone is protected from the reaction of
anything okay lady same reacted something
that person can take down my channel
curiosities with Mike this
good time at first he may
take it down but then you get it back and you can
file a civil suit against him that
pants fall down so from here
if anyone ever comes up with that he comes
up with that
think twice and the legitimate
what he is doing was not about to
keep me on my YouTube channel and in
truth he could not do anything because I said
guys is that I am really watching your
content I have not asked your permission and he is
going to take down my YouTube channel or I mean I
prefer it is that in the end it is something that you
can not do you
can only do it if the other person
allows you now they do not have permission there you are
wrong it is legitimate use like for
example I understand that for example I
say well you can see my
YouTube videos sweat your [ __ ] there are people who say
no and in that I do not give you a strike you
understand it is not a strike like the one they
can give you  beats that he puts in just for the sake of it
and then I go and say
please this strike italo [ __ ] no no
he really wanted to stop me from looking at
youtube and I really couldn't say anything
be why why why yes because you can't
see other people's content I don't
know if you understand me or rather
something can happen to me many times he
reacts to things that I may not have asked
permission for because he's a guy from Switzerland yes that
guy catches me he can take down my
youtube channel in fact they threw out videos of
tweets now the videos of god that they
threw at me were from maikel curious too
well then michael curious precisely
a little bit
the one to blame for all this but the truth is
that he's not to blame for anything he has the
right to complain what happens next
people who have no right
when you this so that he doesn't know
okay
unless it's paid content
okay but really paid no no no that
you had it public and
now when he's reacting
the payment comes to you and puts it private or puts it
paid so that you react to us no
when paid content unless it's a
content that is paid for or something like that
in several things there
are several circumstances no but when
you sign the YouTube terms when
you create a channel you sign the
fair use that other people can
take extracts from you without asking your
permission and whoever doubts it should look at it because
the YouTube terms say they ca
n't do anything to you legally
nothing will happen to you because they have signed is that they
have signed an agreement where they
accept the conditions of fair use
fair use is a law that
allows you to use use by transforming
use by transforming and without harming
the original content which
means that you don't summarize it so that you don't
steal visits from the other okay but for
example to make a video to a
reaction a reaction is allowed it is
allowed as long as it is a
reaction it is not like the ones that
jealousy does in a relationship like the ones we
do here okay but a reaction of
these where they upload the YouTube video
and your video lasts two minutes more than the
original video that
was not a critical video okay or a
documentary you make an
informational video whatever and you use
a few seconds because you need that clip
to give context to the argument that you
are using okay
that you sign with the issue of bits
copyright etcetera etcetera people I have
suffered a theft of content that made no
sense and you
know the people who saw me from the
state channel etcetera etcetera to me it is
something that I have always not cared about them
taking my content and summarizing it has
always been the same to me until I have two
editors who earn a salary for
working and they obviously
invest many hours of their lives in
editing for my channel there was a moment
people on my youtube channel that was the
saddest thing I had ever seen in my life
I entered my youtube channel and
60% of the comments of the people were
saying good biribay but I saw this
two weeks ago or three days ago and whoever
follows me on youtube will know it so
at that moment my editors reacted
because they said guys what is
happening you finish a live they
summarize it for you a million views 800 thousand 700
thousand no but I say it and it is not a joke and whoever
follows me on youtube will know it but a
lot of comments like a
comment with  two thousand likes and bye good
video but the truth is I'm going to be honest with you
the truth is I saw it a while ago what does that
mean is less audience retention
your channel loses power your editors who
also live lose a ton of money
so literally stolen they have literally stolen a
ton of money from you they have literally stolen
a ton of money and well this
deal I'm kind of going to leave it because he
's already talking about copyright which wouldn't be
to see the other deals I've already
felt like one my friend wants to dance
with you what a friend
in itself 123 one step forward Maria 123
one step back
and at the end of the extractor that I knew I had
n't removed it that surely
some [ __ ] I'm
seriously thinking about paying this guy if he doesn't
pay me I don't
know if paying it buy myself the super I'll
see what I do surely I won't do
any sideways to the ass well then
tomorrow the fight the boys
go then the fight tomorrow
for them I simply bet on the
backhand I think the backhand is going to
crush the best
I think the best was enough calm down
soon in the lol
look at  where there is d